README.md, before:

# Applied Data Science @ Columbia
## Spring 2022
## Project 1: A "data story" on the history of philosophy

<img src="figs/100126-the-glass.jpeg" width="500">

### [Project Description](doc/)
This is the first and only *individual* (as opposed to *team*) project this semester. 

Term: Spring 2022

+ Projec title: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet
+ This project is conducted by [your name]

+ Project summary: [a short summary] Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

Following [suggestions](http://nicercode.github.io/blog/2013-04-05-projects/) by [RICH FITZJOHN](http://nicercode.github.io/about/#Team) (@richfitz). This folder is orgarnized as follows.

```
proj/
├── lib/
├── data/
├── doc/
├── figs/
└── output/
```

Please see each subfolder for a README file.

Commit message:

Update of the README
Added the project title and a short summary.

README.md, after:

# Applied Data Science @ Columbia
## Spring 2022
## Project 1: A "data story" on the history of philosophy

<img src="figs/100126-the-glass.jpeg" width="500">

### [Project Description](doc/)
This is the first and only *individual* (as opposed to *team*) project this semester. 

Term: Spring 2022

+ Projec title: Understanding how Philosophers wrote their most famous texts using NLP and Text Mining algorithms.
+ This project is conducted by Clement Micol

+ Project summary: In this Notebook, we have a look at how philosophers from different era and schools wrote their most famous texts. For instance, we will have a look at how their emotions influence their writing, which words each of them used the most and in which context are they using this words, as well as the topics that are covered in their books. 

Following [suggestions](http://nicercode.github.io/blog/2013-04-05-projects/) by [RICH FITZJOHN](http://nicercode.github.io/about/#Team) (@richfitz). This folder is orgarnized as follows.

```
proj/
├── lib/
├── data/
├── doc/
├── figs/
└── output/
```

Please see each subfolder for a README file.
